dbl;;double
sd;;standard
quad;;quadruple
sgl;;single
bedrooms;;bedroom
sp;;superior
twn;;twin
e;;east
w;;west
n;;north
s;;south
bdrm;;bedroom
kg;;king
exec;;executive
exe;;executive
rm;;room
dbls;;double
bu;;business
qu;;queen
one;;1
two;;2
three;;3
four;;4
five;;5
six;;6
seven;;7
eight;;8
nine;;9
ten;;10
beds;;bed
dbl;;double
st;;standard
sui;;suite
dx;;deluxe
apt;;apartment
tpl;;triple
qua;;quadruple
dlx;;deluxe
rooms;;bedroom
bedrm;;bedroom
bdr;;bedroom
sup;;superior
lux;;luxury
suit;;suite
sfbd;;sofabed
pct;;percent
bds;;bed
bfast;;breakfast
breakf;;breakfast
flr;;floor
whirlpl;;whirlpool
whrlpl;;whirlpool
ktchn;;kitchen
nonsm;;nosomoking
nonsmk;;nosomoking
nonsmkg;;nosomoking
nosm;;nosomoking
nosmoke;;nosomoking
nonsmoking;;nosomoking
pkg;;package
shw;;shower
1br;;1 bedroom
nsmk;;nosomoking
1bd;;1 bed
2q;;2 queen
1qn;;1 queen
hr;;hour
10pct;;10 percent
1kn;;1 king
kn;;king
2rm;;2 room
fl;;floor
prem;;premium
smk;;smoke
stu;;studio
kng;;king
k;;king
qn;;queen
q;;queen
vw;;view
grdnvw;;garden view
ctyvw;;city view
lkvw;;lake view
plvw;;pool view
poolvw;;pool view
rvr;;river
mtn;;mountain
mtnvw;;mountain view
wtrvw;;water view
bay;;harbour
gulf;;harbour
limited;;parital
oceanview;;ocean view
ocnvw;;ocean view
one-bedroom;;1 bedroom
1bdrm;;1 bedroom
two-bedroom;;2 bedroom
2bdrm;;2 bedroom
three-bedroom;;3 bedroom
3bdrm;;3 bedroom
two-bedrooms;;2 bedroom
three-bedrooms;;3 bedroom
br;;bedroom
seavw;;sea view
ev;;evolution
jr;;junior
president;;presidential
db;;double
sngl;;single
bk;;bunk
ste;;suite
cnr;;corner
crnr;;corner
cnnct;;connecting
balc;;balcony
whrpl;;whirlpool
fireplc;;fireplace
firepl;;fireplace
b/r;;bedroom
nonsmok;;nosomoking
ns;;nosomoking
nosmok;;nosomoking
four-bedroom;;4 bedroom
four-bedrooms;;4 bedroom
4bdrm;;4 bedroom
five-bedroom;;5 bedroom
five-bedrooms;;5 bedroom
5bdrm;;5 bedroom
rm;;room
plvw;;pool view
poolvw;;pool view
poolsite;;pool side
grande;;grand
premiere;;premier
1bedroom;;1 bedroom
2bdrm;;2 bedroom
2br;;2 bedroom
2rm;;2 room
2bedroom;;2 room
1k;;1 king
2qn;;2 queen
1kng;;1 king
2dbl;;2 double
1king;;1 king
queens;;queen
qns;;queen
doubles;;double
2qns;;2 queen
2queen;;2 queen
1queen;;1 queen
2dbls;;2 double
2double;;2 double
kings;;king
kingsize;;king
beachfront;;beach front
seaview;;sea view
excutive;;executive
economic;;economy
economical;;economy
豪华客房;;deluxe room
标准客房;;standard room
标准双床房;;standard twin
标准双人房;;standard double
高级房;;superior
高级客房;;superior
高级双人房;;superior double
豪华双人房;;deluxe double
std;;standard
dorm;;dormitory
suites;;suite
room1;;room
room2;;room
villas;;villa
bayview;;bay view
cityview;;city view
lakeview;;lake view
poolview;;pool view
riverview;;river view
waterfront;;water front
beachside;;beach side
gardenview;;garden view
seafront;;sea front
waterview;;water view
oversize;;oversized
connecting;;interconnecting
app;;apartment
appartment;;apartment
singleroom;;single room
deluxeroom;;deluxe room
tatamis;;tatami
bathrooms;;bathroom
duluxe;;deluxe
shard;;shared
share;;shared
bunker;;bunk
mix;;mixed
women;;woman
men;;man
ladies;;lady
persons;;person
adults;;adult
apartments;;apartment
bath;;bathroom
guestroom;;guest room
bedded;;bed
leisure2;;leisure
bd;;bed
shwr;;shower
b.r;;bed room
1ba;;1 bathroom
2bd;;2 bed
2ba;;2 bathroom
ro;;room
roh;;run of house
watervilla;;water villa
fam;;family
fm;;family
1q;;1 queen
acces;;accessible
habour;;harbour
speci;;special
spec;;special
leis;;leisure
leisu;;leisure
specia;;special
leisur;;leisure
ac;;air conditioner